Update README (#1)
nearuaguild/near-intents-1click-example: README.md

- `depositType` – the source of the funds (which chain or asset you’re sending from)
- `recipientType` – the destination (which chain or asset you want to receive)

Suppose you want to swap native `BTC` on Bitcoin for `ETH` on Ethereum. That’s a **full cross-chain swap**. You’d set `depositType` to `ORIGIN_CHAIN` and `recipientType` to `ORIGIN_CHAIN`. The 1Click API would handle the orchestration, but you’d have to wait for Bitcoin finality before receiving your ETH. That could take several minutes, making it less than ideal for fast operations

Now let’s say you have `BTC` bridged to NEAR and want to swap it for `ETH` also on NEAR. This time, you will use the NEAR-native representations of both tokens. You’d set `depositType` to `INTENTS` and `recipientType` to `INTENTS`. The entire swap happens on NEAR with just one transaction, usually finalized in a second

### What Happens After You Get a Quote?

Each quote includes a `depositAddress`. If you're happy with the terms, just send the input tokens to that address. That’s it. The solver will pick up your transaction and complete the swap shortly after.

> If for one reason or another the solver can’t fulfill your request, you will be refunded your tokens automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
If for one reason or another the solver can’t fulfill your request, you will be refunded your tokens to the `refundTo` address you specified when requesting the quote.
```
